Bahrain (2 Because game crashed before my save saved (?) ):

This was race was such a rollercoaster of emotions, started P1 ofcourse cuz Quali was saved, then I had a battle with Rosberg who caught up. He pushed me off the track in sector 2 so I did the same in the middle at sector 2 at the end of the straight... but it really was not my fault, he genuinely turned into me lmao, he spun out and yeah easy sailing.

(Hamilton somehow DNF'd on Lap 1)

I tried to get greedy and get in 2 extra laps with supersofts which... ended in a disaster... on the backstraight entry my fricking tyre punctured even tho it was only at 75% wear before... im so glad it was at the end of the lap, i was 7 seconds ahead which turned into me being p20...
and- in the next lap i overtook 15 cars and got to p15 :moai:

Then I had some battles over the next 2 laps which ended up in me being P2, trailing behind Hulkenberg 2 seconds and he pitted so easy P1

Then it was smooth sailing yeah pitted again, was like P3, made my way back up

Then again, was lonely throughout the race, up until the final pitstop at the end of lap 25

I got out and almost crashed into Raikkonen and then it was back markers and holy back markers are so genuinely trash at giving space... they are the only reasons I have flashbacks on BECAUSE GOD FORBID A BACK MARKER GIVE ME SPACE ON A STRAIGHT INTO A CORNER so yeah crashed my front wing a few times until finally got by

I actually had a wheel-to-wheel battle with a back marker which was fun

Overall race was meh, was lonely at the front and the only real scare was in the first quarter, I thought of quitting the race but I decided to continue cuz why not lol
Also Rosberg was still somehow P3 until... he got an engine failure and I felt kinda bad cuz it might've been cuz of the starting lap xD

I also went wheel to wheel with Hulkenberg who pushed me so i did the same, causing me to spin like 2 times before taking control of the oversteer, pitted the same lap lmfao

Anyways again, easy race, nothing to talk about, Fastest lap was a 1:39:301 by me, and now I'm leading the championship by 4 points ahead of Ricciardo and I'm gonna just keep extending this lead because yes :sparkles:

# China

Pre-Practice:

Not so happy going into practice in this circuit, one of the few circuits that I more or less despise, the turns in it are very questionable and slow, especially on keyboard, I think I'd rather play any other circuit maybe than this one, alot of doubts too considering my championship stance right now, leading by 4 points, I think I'll just try my best to get pole position in quali, that's the only way I can see myself winning on this circuit, I don't think i'll be able to gain positions like I did in Bahrain so yeah. Not super confident but the car and the handling I've gotten used to, I'll think of the strategy after in quali, just going to try and get used to the track in the next half an hour to an hour and hopefully get my hands on it.

Post-Practice / Pre-Quali:
Practice was as you'd expect, was very rough per se. I wasn't feeling the grip of the track, especially the spoon curves in sector 1. Sector 2 however was even more worse. I went on mediums first and yeah as you'd expect, best time was a 1:44.013 or something along those lines. And then I did 1 lap on softs which somehow ended up being worse so I went to Super-Softs in which I only improved by 0.3 seconds and my final time in practice was a 1:43.703. Nothing too much to say about quali besides the time that bottas fricking blocked my flying lap in sector 1 on super softs which made it worse.

Post-Quali:
Alright so Quali started as usual, going out of the pit lane, firstly started with an outlap, whilst on sector 3 saw verstappen put a banger of a 1:42.something... and I thought yeah no way I'm getting pole positin, but then I started my first flying lap and I wasn't feeling really well about it, but I somehow managed to put in a better lap. Then I was gonna do another lap but someone blocked my lap so I went on an outlap where I destroyed hamilton's lap by blocking him (hehe :) ). And then comes my 2nd *and* last lap of quali in china... and I was FLYING on the track. I was going through the slow speed corners very smoothly and in turn, I could have definitely shaved off another 6 tenths but whatever. I ended up with a 1:41.693... and the quali's expected best lap was a 1:41.473 so yeah lmao, I could've maybe broken that if given another flying lap but oh well. Pole Position in China. I'm feeling great about the race now, it might be a wet race which scares me but with Pole I just have to make sure I get my strategy right and don't pull a Ferrari... wait I am in a Ferrari-

Pre-Race:
Next day, alot of hopes going into race. I'm still figuring out the strategy... I think I'll start with mediums and do a one-stop maybe... We'll see how it goes. Obviously starting from pole, alot of confidence after yesterday's quali. I hope I don't mess up lap 1 and the strategy... if it's a rainy race then I think just being in the points will be a miracle. I hope that there isn't any mechanical dnf's that would be very disappointing. The team's done a great job helping me out and the car feels good to drive, it's all up to me to put in a banger of a race and yeah. The pace is good, the track is one of my weaker tracks with turny turns but I believe I can do well in this track, as long as I defend properly and pull ahead there shouldn't really be a problem... Let's go into the race now, if it's a rainy race I have no strategy I will just let the team pick but yeah... Enough yapping now, hopefully I am back with a good result.


Post-Race:
OH MY LORDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD WHAT A RACEEEEEEEEEEEEE.
My strategy was start on super-softs. switch to mediums by the end of lap 2. then switch to softs on end of lap 14 and 2nd set of softs on lap 24

Alright I don't even know where to start. This was, hands down, the best and most fun race I've had in my entire life and top 3 experiences in gaming for me.

Lap 1... Start was horrendous, I got damage on front wing sadly, I fell behind only 1 place to Verstappen who became P1 for 1 turn then I overtook him at the end of sector 1.
Lap 2... Pitted at the end of lap 2, the front wing damage cost 7 seconds to repair so I was P22... LAST ON THE GRID!

Lap 4... At the start of lap 4, going into turn one I DID A QUADRUPLE OVERTAKE people were coming from the pits and around the outside FLAT OUT I did half of the spoon turn which felt ABSOLUTELY AWESOME

At this point I got used to the track and the turny turns weren't annoying anymore, hell they were actually really fun to drive around, the racing line is good for some turns and my own line felt better on some turns so yeah. Was braking whenever I wanted to on the turns

And yeah... I kept fighting and fighting... and I was so immersed I didn't even realize I was in the lead. My engineer was telling me the gap behind and I was like "Mate shouldn't you be telling me the gap in front?" Because Perez was in front and I thought that was Hamilton in front.. then I looked at the leaderboard and i'm like OH WHAT IM LEADING?!?!?!

Then at the end of Lap 14 I pitted for fresher tyres and yeah, dropped to P5 and made my way in front, again didn't realize I was in front. I was enjoying my time in front cuz I fought for ts

Then on lap 20 I was thinking about strategy.. Hamilton was only 9 seconds behind, I was thinking "If I pit at the end of 24 will I even be far enough to stay P1?"
What if I made a mistake and Hamilton came closer? I kept thinking about strategy, whether it'd be a better choice to pit earlier or not.

At the end of lap 22.. I pitted for softs and I think this might've been the reason I won

Lap 23.. gap was 11 seconds.. I was eager for the win. Pushing like a monster
Lap 24.. gap was 9 seconds.. I kept getting closer and closer
Lap 25.. gap was 8 seconds.. I had a mid lap but whatever
Lap 26.. gap was 6 seconds.. Creeping closer and closer.. Surpassing my limit but staying within the track limits.. It was getting tense and my heart was beating faster than usual
Lap 27.. gap was 4 seconds.. It was all or nothing on the next lap

Lap 28 started
I was behind him
Spoon curve
I went a bit wide
We almost collided
I took the inside line
Took the inside line of next turn too
End of sector 1
He was right behind me
I pushed like crazy, to make sure he wasn't in DRS range on the back-straight
Successful
Sector 2 was great
Hamilton's gap... outside of DRS range
Backstraight... only 2 turns left
Nailed the hairpin
Last chicane
Went through safely, no track limits
Hamilton was within a second behind

And I won the race

This game is so immersive... It has been a really long time since I've felt so into a game, it felt like my life was on the line driving that car. From P22 to P1.. What a race it was. I want more races like this, where I have to FIGHT for P1... not just soar on it across all race. The first two races were boring cuz both Mercedes cars were DNF'd. It was a double podium for Mercedes.. Hamilton P2 Rosberg P3.

The race was just amazing, the dramatic start, the falling behind, the clawing my way back up, everything felt so great and real. My hands were shaking a bit in the last lap because of how tense the situation was. To think that me, who didn't even know how to turn the car a week ago would be pulling stuff like this. What a race, genuinely what a race. Mercedes's Two-stop was what I Was planning on earlier but I didn't go with it because I started on super-softs, I thought I could gap a bit from P1.

The track, now after I've raced on it, is an amazing track. The turns are hard to get used to, as it took me a couple of practice races in the start and all of FP and Quali to even understand it, and during the race I just kept making the turns better and better, sometimes using racing line and sometimes going my own way. It felt super smooth after I got the hang of it. A very fun track and a very competitive and fun race. I am leading the championship but I was so ready to write this review that I didn't even bother checking the driver's standings... I'll do that after.. The race is still in my head. Those overtakes around the outside of cars.. The inside lines.. this game might be one of the best games I've played lmaoo. I am so ready for the next tracks, I'll be going into them blind as I have no racing experience on them, so I'll use the FP to get used to them, practice is supposed to be used like that, I'll spend the an hour instead of 30 minutes in practice like irl, where i'll spend 50 minutes getting used to the track maybe and the last 10 doing some flying laps for Quali.

This is enough F1 16 for today as Today was race day, tomorrow it is gonna be FP and Quali in... Russia? I believe. I haven't looked at anything lmao I was so ready for this review of this amazing race. The game may be 10 years old, but it is super immersive and fun. I might never get bored of playing this lololll. I am looking forward to spending the next few months just racing everyday and with these super-close battles. I am at a loss of words on this race at this point, I can not express the feelings I felt whilst racing. This is partially because of how good the game is and how much my love for racing is so being able to race like this is an experience of it's own.